EC-84: Restructure eZ Commerce doc, part 2 (#2)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/basket/basket_features/product_quantity_validation.md

The quantity of added products is validated in different places.

## In the BasketController

> There is a help function `validateQuantity()` that checks if the given quantity (string - because it comes from a form) corresponds to the rules. (e.g. for 'float' quantity also comma is allowed). If it does, the quantity is modified to a valid float value.

Reviewer: A helper function `validateQuantity()` checks ... (I would suggest using simplistic language in tech doc)
(string -> (expressed as a string
(e.g. for 'float' quantity also comma is allowed) - is this information relevant in this place, or do we expect users to know the difference between string, Boolean, float, integer, and so forth?
Or... am I reading it wrong at all and it means that the helper function validates values and allows values that contain commas? In such case, I would go along the lines of:
For example, when validating the value, the helper function allows values that contain commas, because commas are used in float values.
"If it does" - I suggest to avoid the use of "it", to avoid ambiguity.
"If the value is valid (or... corresponds to the rules), the helper function converts the quantity into a valid float value."

> There is a help function `validateQuantity()` that checks if the given quantity (string - because it comes from a form) corresponds to the rules. (e.g. for 'float' quantity also comma is allowed). If it does, the quantity is modified to a valid float value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The help function `validateQuantity()` checks if the given quantity (string) corresponds to the rules set e.g. for float value. If the quantity matches, it is converted into a valid float value.
```

> If it doesn't, the quantity is just returned, but not changed - it will be validated in `StandardBasketListener`.

Reviewer: Same here, I would suggest avoiding "it":
"If the value is invalid (or... does not conform to the rules), the helper function returns the string without conversion. Then the `StandardBasketListener` function validates the value again.

> - `addAction()` - after the quantity is validated, the `addAction` checks, if it is 0. Than it is changed to 1.

Reviewer: I would capitalize the initial words, for consistency with other places.
Does the last sentence mean that "If so, the value is changed to 1."?
 
Also - how does the bulleted list connect to the paragraph above? I hava a hard time telling whether they are subfunctions of the StandardBasketListener, or separate validators, especially as the listener gets a separate header below.

> - `updateAction()` - after the quantity is validated, the `addAction` checks, if it is 0. Than the `deleteAction()` is called and the product will be removed from basket.

Reviewer: 1. In the sentence - is it "addAction" or "updateAction"?
2. I think I would remove the comma and write "the `addAction` (or `updateAction`, based on the answer above) checks if the value is 0."
2. Does the last sentence mean that "If so, the `deleteAction()` is called to remove the product from  the basket."?

## `StandardBasketListener`

> - Checks if the given quantity is valid (e.g. negative numbers or strings are not allowed). If it is not valid, the action is not allowed (`STATUS_FAILED`).

Reviewer: (e.g. negative numbers or strings are not allowed) - are there any other checks? If there are, we'd need to list them here or redirect the reader to a full list. If not, I'd skip the "for example".

> - Checks if the given quantity is more than MAX. If so, it is set to MAX.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Checks if the given quantity is more than max or less than min. If so, it is set to either max or min.
```

> - Checks if the given quantity is less than MIN. If so, it is set to MIN.  

Reviewer: I am thinking whether "if" should not be avoide in phrases like the first sentence. "Checks whether", or "verifies whether". Having "whether" here we would help us avoid the repetition within the line.

> - Checks if the given quantity is less than MIN. If so, it is set to MIN.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion  
```
